---
title: v0.1.0 Release Notes
---

# Version 0.1.0

> ⚠️ THIS IS A BREAKING RELEASE ⚠️ 
> (more on the importance of that below)

There are some known issues with this release! These notes still stand as a summary of the updates in v0.1.0, but make sure you update to v0.1.1 to get some important bugfixes, especially if you're using the Beta Safety backend.

This is a near-complete rewrite of most of the inner workings of the extension! While a lot of the interface and options will feel familiar, pretty much everything underneath is new. Probably the most notable change is a big one: **support for multiple backends**. More on that below. Just as importantly, I've also almost completely rewritten and _dramatically_ improved the documentation! You can see the new info and guides [in the docs here](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/ ).

## New Feature Summary

To be honest, there's been so many changes since the last release, I can't even remember all the new features.

<details>
<summary>Backend Choice</summary>

This version allows you to choose between using [Beta Censoring](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-censoring/) or an existing Beta Safety install for censoring images. The majority of options will apply to both (with some exceptions), but this way you can choose whatever censoring app you want, Beta Protection doesn't mind.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Local Image Censoring</summary>

You can now censor your locally saved images, right from Beta Protection. Regardless of what censoring backend you're using, Beta Protection offers a simple guided wizard to censor your local images. I think it's pretty easy to use, but you can find more details in the [user guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/usage.html#local-censoring).

</details>

<details>
<summary>Improved Performance</summary>

Beta Protection should now be less intensive both at "idle" and when censoring, with improved detection for page changes and lifecycle that should keep censoring images reliably without being too taxing. Also stickers and placeholder configuration should be quicker and easier now.

</details>

<details>
<summary>GIFs as videos</summary>

Beta Protection now defaults to treating GIFs as videos using the same options as you use for videos (i.e. Block, Blur or Allow). Since censoring GIFs is an *incredibly* slow process, Beta Protection will now treat GIFs not like regular images, but as if they were videos. 

At current, this is always enabled unless auto-animation is enabled (not recommended), but we'll hopefully allow going back to the old behaviour in the next release.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Interface Updates</summary>

The changes shouldn't be _too_ noticeable but we've cleaned up a lot of the interface components used across the extension as well as standardising more components to improve consistency.

</details>

## Upgrade and Install Guide

<details>
<summary>Upgrade Guide</summary>

#### Existing Users

If you previously used v0.0.10 (or earlier), this is almost a total rewrite of how the internals of Beta Protection works. As such, the settings are completely incompatible. When you update, the extension will automatically reset most of your preferences to defaults, including all censoring preferences and a few other preferences. Note that since the format itself has changed, you also cannot import backups from earlier versions into `v0.1.0` or later. 

Sorry for the inconvenience, but there was no way to make the changes needed without breaking compatibility.

> Even if you've been using Beta Protection before now, I'd **strongly** recommend checking out the new [user guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/usage.html).

</details>

<details>
<summary>New Install </summary>

#### New Users

The "first time setup" parts of the extension have been completely rewritten in this release, and they are (unsurprisingly) hard to test. If you are having issues or options are missing after installing, click Reset to Default in the extension options to fix some common issues.

For everything else, make sure you check out the [user guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/installation.html#prerequisites).
</details>

## Installation Guide

As always, check out the [Getting Started guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/getting-started) or the [Installation guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/installation.html) for all the details on installing Beta Protection and getting set up.