---
title: v0.2.4 Release Notes
---

# [Preview] Version 0.2.4

### ⚠️ ⚠️ Please read the notes below before upgrading from `v0.1.x` ⚠️ ⚠️ 

Version 0.2 is here, but be warned: this is considered a beta release at this time. What does that mean? In short, the odds of you running into some bugs or quirks are definitely higher than on the previous releases. The more users who try it out though, the faster we can fix any bugs that you find.

So what's new? Most of the changes in this release are behind the scenes: we've completely rebuilt how the extension stores and handles your options and data so that it should be more reliable and easier to add new features in the future.

If you've been following the release notes carefully, you might have heard this before for version 0.2.0, and you'd be right. As a few users have helpfully reported, that release introduced quite a few new bugs, so we've rebuilt a lot of the options and features _again_ to try and make things easier to maintain.

Some of the bugs fixed this time around:

- Video options available when they should be locked
- Subliminal options not saving correctly
- Stickers not enabling/disabling correctly
- Overrides being inconsistently applied and/or unlocked
- There might still be more issues/bugs but they're being worked on as much as possible

In short, this version completely changes a lot of things behind the scenes, but not so much in the area of user features. That being said: there's a few new features and fixes you might like in the 0.2.x release tree:

- **Hardcore Options**
  - These are special options that once enabled *cannot be disabled* again. These options allow for a more stringent experience for users who prefer their censoring experience that way.
  - To start with, we have two hardcore options, both related to local censoring: Forcing overwriting originals, and enforcing active overrides
  - You can find the new Hardcore Options in the Danger Zone section of the extension options.
- Fix placeholder loading and some duplicate permission prompts
- Cleaned up some parts of the extension to be faster and more responsive.
- Improved domain lists (allow and block lists) to work the way they should have the whole time

Thanks to many BP users for reporting issues and requesting features.

Even if you've been using Beta Protection before now, I'd **strongly** recommend checking out the new [user guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/usage.html).

## Installation Guide

As always, check out the [Getting Started guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/getting-started) or the [Installation guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/installation.html) for all the details on installing Beta Protection and getting set up.

## Upgrade Guide

To upgrade your installed Beta Protection, simply repeat whatever install steps you used to install Beta Protection. 

- If you loaded it unpacked, just extract the new version over the old one and click the Reload button on the Manage Extensions page in your browser
- If you installed from the CRX file, just drag and drop it again and your browser should prompt you to update Beta Protection.