---
title: v0.2.5 Release Notes
---

# [Preview] Version 0.2.5

### ⚠️ ⚠️ Please read the notes below before upgrading from `v0.1.x` ⚠️ ⚠️ 

Version 0.2 is here, but be warned: this is considered a beta release at this time. What does that mean? In short, the odds of you running into some bugs or quirks are definitely higher than on the previous releases. The more users who try it out though, the faster we can fix any bugs that you find.

This release is a bit of a maintenance update, fixing quite a few new bugs and some long-standing ones that should make for an overall more polished experience. Some of the changes required for the fixes were pretty far-reaching though, so make sure to report any new issues you find with this release.

Some of the bugs fixed this time around:

- Incorrect censoring mode when activating an override
- Images could sometimes start to load uncensored without placeholders
  - This was a long-standing request. Essentially, Beta Protection defaulted to a pretty passive approach for censoring images that meant it was possible for images to start loading uncensored before the placeholders would replace them
  - This release flips that around so that images will be heavily blurred while loading until the placeholders are inserted
  - This might cause some issues I can't test for, so I can't guarantee this feature will stay long-term
  
There's also a couple of small, but hopefully impactful, new features:

- You can now create an override based on an existing one!
  - If you have an override file, you can now import it and create a new override that uses the same settings
  - The new override will be its own file with its own key, and won't impact the override file it's based on.
- Reset button for the local censoring wizard
  - After you've finished censoring and saving your images, you can click the Reset button to go back to the start of the wizard

In short, this version completely changes a lot of things behind the scenes, and adds some smaller features. That being said: there's a few new features and fixes you might like in the 0.2.x release tree up to now:

- **Hardcore Options**
  - These are special options that once enabled *cannot be disabled* again. These options allow for a more stringent experience for users who prefer their censoring experience that way.
  - To start with, we have two hardcore options, both related to local censoring: Forcing overwriting originals, and enforcing active overrides
  - You can find the new Hardcore Options in the Danger Zone section of the extension options.
- Fix placeholder loading and some duplicate permission prompts
- Cleaned up some parts of the extension to be faster and more responsive.
- Improved domain lists (allow and block lists) to work the way they should have the whole time

Thanks to many BP users for reporting issues and requesting features.

Even if you've been using Beta Protection before now, I'd **strongly** recommend checking out the new [user guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/usage.html).

## Installation Guide

As always, check out the [Getting Started guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/getting-started) or the [Installation guide](https://silveredgold.github.io/beta-protection/guide/installation.html) for all the details on installing Beta Protection and getting set up.

## Upgrade Guide

To upgrade your installed Beta Protection, simply repeat whatever install steps you used to install Beta Protection. 

- If you loaded it unpacked, just extract the new version over the old one and click the Reload button on the Manage Extensions page in your browser
- If you installed from the CRX file, just drag and drop it again and your browser should prompt you to update Beta Protection.